The central object of this project or class is the system class.
So let's open up system got h,
which defines the interface for this class.
The system has a processor that we call CPU.
It also has a container or a vector of processes,
and it has functions to return memory utilization,
up time, the total number of processes,
the number of running processes,
the kernel of the operating system,
the name of the operating system itself.
The actual CPU and processes are kept as private member variables,
and then there are these public accessor functions that return
references to those private member variables.
So that's the system class.
If we want to look at the implementation of that class,
we can open up system.cpp in the source file,
and you'll see we have some fairly straightforward accessor functions.
Then all of these functions have a definition,
even though the definition is often zeroed out or it's an empty string.
So all of these to-dos tell you what you
need to complete in order to get the project to actually work.
So for example, the memory utilization function here should return the systems actual
memory utilization instead of just 0.0 which is hard-coded in right now.